planner: update the doc about Plan Cache (#17967)
pingcap/docs: statement-summary-tables.md

- `BINARY_PLAN`: The original execution plan encoded in binary format. If there are multiple statements, the plan of only one statement is taken. Execute the `SELECT tidb_decode_binary_plan('xxx...')` statement to parse the specific execution plan.
- `PLAN_CACHE_HITS`: The total number of times that SQL statements of this category hit the plan cache.
- `PLAN_IN_CACHE`: Indicates whether the previous execution of SQL statements of this category hit the plan cache.

> - `PLAN_CACHE_UNQUALIFIED`: How many times the SQL statements of this category fail to hit the plan cache

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `PLAN_CACHE_UNQUALIFIED`: The number of times that the SQL statements of this category fail to hit the plan cache.
```

> - `PLAN_CACHE_UNQUALIFIED`: Indicates how many times the SQL statements of this category fail to hit the plan cache

Author: ```suggestion
- `PLAN_CACHE_UNQUALIFIED`: How many times the SQL statements of this category fail to hit the plan cache
```
```suggestion
- `PLAN_CACHE_UNQUALIFIED`: Indicates how many times the SQL statements of this category fail to hit the plan cache
```

> - `LAST_PLAN_CACHE_UNQUALIFIED_REASON`: The reason why the SQL statements of this category fail to hit the plan cache last time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `LAST_PLAN_CACHE_UNQUALIFIED_REASON`: The reason why the SQL statements of this category fail to hit the plan cache last time.
```

> - `LAST_PLAN_CACHE_UNQUALIFIED_REASON`: The reason why the SQL statements of this category fail to hit the plan cache last time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `PLAN_CACHE_UNQUALIFIED_LAST_REASON`: The reason why the SQL statements of this category fail to hit the plan cache last time.
```
